clarify SL test/query language (#3945)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/sl-getting-started.md

import ConfigMetric from '/snippets/_sl-configure-metricflow.md';
import TestQuery from '/snippets/_sl-test-and-query-metrics.md';

> This getting started page presents a sample workflow to help you create your first metrics in dbt Cloud or the command line (CLI). It uses the [Jaffle shop example project](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle-sl-template) as the project data source and is available for you to use. If you prefer, you can create semantic models and metrics for your own dbt project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This getting started page presents a sample workflow to help you create your first metrics in dbt Cloud or the command-line interface (CLI). It uses the [Jaffle shop example project](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle-sl-template) as the project data source and is available for you to use. If you prefer, you can create semantic models and metrics for your own dbt project.
```

> This guide will cover the following sections and steps:

Reviewer: Reading it in my head the language didn't flow right to me (are some sections are some steps) Maybe if we address the reader? 
```suggestion
This guide will walk you through how to:
```

- [Create a semantic model](#create-a-semantic-model) using MetricFlow
- [Define metrics](#define-metrics) using MetricFlow
- [Test and query metrics locally](#test-and-query-metrics) using MetricFlow
- [Run a production job](#run-a-production-job) in dbt Cloud
- [Set up dbt Semantic Layer](#set-up-dbt-semantic-layer) in dbt Cloud
- [Connect to and query the API](#connect-and-query-api) with dbt Cloud

> To fully experience the power of a universal [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl), you'll need a dbt Cloud [Team or Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) account. 

Reviewer: This line was a little weird to me - it indicates that they can use the semantic layer without cloud, they just won't get the full experience. The first question I'd ask is "what's available in Core and what is in Cloud?"
```suggestion
To experience the power of a universal [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) and query metrics in downstream tools, you'll need a dbt Cloud [Team or Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) account. 
```

Author: gotcha @matthewshaver great shout! core, dev plan, enterprise, and team plan users can all define their metrics in their tool of choice (cli or ide). however, to query metrics in downstream tools (BI tools) they need to have api access, which is only available to team or enterprise

Author: the dbt semantic layer is a team and enterprise product and experience due to the api access. being able to define metrics only is part of the semantic layer experience. i added 'and query metrics to downstream tools' to try to clarify the why - what do you think? 

[this page](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl#explore-the-dbt-semantic-layer) has more info too:

>During [public beta](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/Aug-2023/sl-revamp-beta#public-beta), you can access dbt Semantic Layer on [dbt Cloud Team and Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/) multi-tenant plans [hosted in North America](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses) (cloud.getdbt.com login). It's available on dbt v1.6 or higher. dbt Cloud Developer plans and dbt Core users can use MetricFlow to define and test metrics locally, but can't dynamically query them with integrated tools.

## Prerequisites

- Have an understanding of key concepts in [MetricFlow](/docs/build/about-metricflow), which powers the revamped dbt Semantic Layer.
- Have both your production and development environments running dbt version 1.6 or higher. Refer to [upgrade in dbt Cloud](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-core-in-cloud) for more info.

> - Use Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Postgres (CLI only), or Redshift. (dbt Cloud Postgres support coming soon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Snowflake, BigQuery, Databricks, Redshift, or  Postgres (CLI only. dbt Cloud support coming soon). 
```

-  Create a successful run in the environment where you configure the Semantic Layer. 

>    - **Note:** Semantic Layer currently supports the Deployment environment. (_development experience coming soon_)

Reviewer 2: Can you clarify what this means? I think it means that it will work in deployment, but we can't query in dev, is that right?

>    - **Note:** Semantic Layer currently supports the Deployment environment. (_development experience coming soon_)

Author: good flag! @rpourzand can you double check if my below sugg is right?

```suggestion
   - **Note:** Semantic Layer currently supports the Deployment environment for querying. (_development querying experience coming soon_)
```

## Run a production job

> Before you begin, you must have a dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise [multi-tenant](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses) deployment, hosted in North America (cloud.getdbt.com login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, you must have a dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise [multi-tenant](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses) deployment, hosted in North America (cloud.getdbt.com login URL).
```
